and the sea knee- deep and water them
back
him by the waist do you donuts and cats
a little maska I hear his brother too
it is completely stuck to me and have tack
from me a white-faced bitch after all this
cyber wool
most a this dead
rehearse him dead
here and leave this dad's nose at the gramophone
remember before called the same before
tape recorder and gramophone
type will come out for the party I went from here
someone in outlast played a match to deny
all laid bricks
2 minus songs battery admired
sits a walkie-talkie go on ours gocha who
here we have it is true battery
more expensive though he has the same skin
already remember nothing zhuzhit
I calmed down here all business bra mn.
bad things protection all me protection us
we don't shiver
then who said this to talent
and sho you you still listen to the ticket not
enough in this life abruptly gocha
Pinocchio
poke it saddens type this type
grieve because he fucked and huyplet
games
because this is my intended to catch no I
I will help you all
it's so brotherly what are you doing
5th he merges morning he lost
can understand my pussy before 100 tries
torment crazy backlight
lights gave hollow plus 100 m but
no one forbade higher than from here to there
this way we came here
jumped into the belly found
watched the wheel
after business brown you see wrong
inner voice prompted
flagship and why he can be Boris Victor
I have a mess too
what he calmly goes to us like that
cold-blooded blyad the main thing gives a bath
aunt fucking uncle
fucking whole family fucking he cunt
Yes, he is still like that pussy
maybe then of course we will hear us
are sitting
about immediately can not fucking and vovka here
no hodovka vodka da vodka
positive
we go bye
blue spring is what is called him
like it and I cruelly punish me
show only straight to snip they
spanish spanish kabardine play
so he himself martin is sunflower seeds from martin
move something got me there with
late
for seen
vegetables where basil
strange
he is a fag like this fag who walked
without pants fag and he fag all
fagot this which without pushing the same
trouble